USHIFT-441: Add service network to firewall docs (#1153)
openshift/microshift: docs/howto_firewall.md

It is mandatory to allow MicroShift pods the access to the internal CoreDNS and API servers.
> Users may choose to change the pod IP range to be different from the default `10.42.0.0/16` setting. This must be reflected in the firewall configuration.

> > Users may choose to change the service IP range to be different from the default `10.43.0.0/16` setting.

Reviewer: since we don't have firewall rules associated with service IP range, maybe just add it in the description of 169.254.169.1, indicating that this special IP needs to be enabled for accessing service backed by host endpoints?

Author: Changed the description and ditched the note.

|IP Range      |Description|
|:-------------|:----------|
|10.42.0.0/16  |Pod network access to other pods |

> |10.43.0.0/16  |Service network pod access to services (like CoreDNS and MicroShift API) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|10.43.0.0/16  |ClusterIP service network, used by pods to access services (like CoreDNS and MicroShift API) |
```

? maybe?

Reviewer 3: If we're adding a range descriptions to this table, it's not clear why it's not present in the firewall settings. 
For me, it was confusing. Maybe, we should add Mandatory column?

|443        |TCP        |HTTPS port used to serve applications through the OpenShift router |
|5353       |UDP        |mDNS service to respond for OpenShift route mDNS hosts |
|30000-32767|TCP/UDP    |Port range reserved for NodePort type of services, can be used to expose applications on the LAN |
|6443       |TCP        |HTTPS port for the MicroShift API |

## Firewalld
The following commands can be used for enabling `firewalld` and opening all the above mentioned source IP addresses and ports.
> Use the appropriate pod IP range if it is different from the default `10.42.0.0/16` setting.

> > Use the appropriate optional settings when requiring external access to services running in MicroShift.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if this sentence can be understood without some context/examples.

Author: Added some examples.
